#title EPM Manual
#author Dan Pomohaci <dan.pomohaci@gamial.com>

This manual documents the EPM package, version 1.0

Copyright (C) 2008-2009 Dan Pomohaci

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

* Introduction

TODO

* Obtaining EPM

TODO


* Getting Started

** Prerequisites

You need Emacs (21.1 or greater), muse, and gnuplot. For tests you
need also ert.

** Installation

Copy the source code directory into your file hierarchy. I use
/local/share/emacs/epm  directory for this project. Optionally you can
compile the sources.


** Configuration

Create a directory for yours projects and a sub-directory named day for
days pages. See src/main/config/epm-config.el for suggestions to what
you must add to .emacs

EPM is also a Muse project and if you want to publish your projects
you must add it to muse-project-alist:

     ("WorkPlan" ("~/work/plan" "~/work/plan/day"
                  :default "index"
                  :major-mode epm-mode)
      (:base "html" :path "/home/www/work/plan"))
 


* Concepts

The majority of epm concepts are borrowed from Scrum. For more
information on scrum terms see [[http://www.scrumalliance.org/articles/39-glossary-of-scrum-terms][Glossary of Scrum Terms]] and [[http://www.scrumalliance.org/resources/339][The Scrum Primer]]

** Feature

I use the generic name *feature* for all the backlog items (also named
*stories* or *use-cases* in scrum). A feature has an id and a short
description (name). Its syntax in epm is:

<example>
** 3. Add a global action delete in back-office
</example>

where 3 is the id and the text after . is the feature description/name.

** Resource

** Task

** Product Backlog Page

** Sprint Page

** Day Page

* How I use epm

** Starting Scrum

TODO

** Sprint Planning Meeting

TODO

** Daily Scrum

TODO

** Sprint Review

TODO


* Conversions

** From Rally

TODO

** To taskjuggler

TODO

* Keystroke Summary

TODO
