                                                          -*- Muse -*-
#desc This is the README file for epm-mode.

* Synopsis

*epm-mode* is a tool for project managers, based on [[http://mwolson.org/projects/EmacsMuse.html][Emacs Muse,]] which
implements SCRUM methodology.

* Directory contents

The directory structure is similar to [[http://maven.apache.org/][Maven]] projects:
 - =src/main/lisp= epm source code.
 - =src/main/config= configuration files examples 
 - =src/test/lisp= epm tests code
 - =src/test/resources= resources used in tests
 - =src/site/muse= epm documentation

* Getting started

** Prerequisites

You need Emacs (21.1 or greater), muse, and gnuplot. For tests you
need also ert.

** Installation

Copy the source code directory into your file hierarchy. I use
/local/share/emacs/epm  directory for this project. Optionally you can
compile the sources.


** Configuration

Create a directory for yours projects and a sub-directory named day for
days pages. See src/main/config/epm-config.el for suggestions to what
you must add to .emacs

epm-mode is also a Muse project and if you want to publish your plans
you must add it to muse-project-alist:

<example>
("WorkPlan" ("~/work/plan" "~/work/plan/day"
             :default "index"
             :major-mode epm-mode)
 (:base "html" :path "/home/www/work/plan"))
</example>

* License

epm-mode is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any
later version.

epm-mode is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

